INIT_COMMAND.md, before:

# /init Command Documentation

## What is /init?

The `/init` command initializes the SuperClaude Enhanced behavioral framework in your project by creating comprehensive documentation that teaches Claude how to behave.

## Usage

In any Claude session within your project:
```
/init
```

## What it does:

1. **Creates/Updates CLAUDE.md** with:
   - 7 detailed persona definitions
   - 6 workflow patterns
   - Command usage guidelines
   - MCP integration strategies

2. **Teaches Claude**:
   - HOW each persona thinks (mindset, framework, identity)
   - WHEN to switch personas (context triggers)
   - WHICH /sc: commands to use for each task
   - WHAT workflows to follow for complex tasks

3. **Enables behavioral patterns**:
   - Persona-based thinking
   - Workflow automation guidance
   - Command chaining patterns
   - MCP usage optimization

## Implementation

When Claude sees `/init`, it should:

1. Run the initialization script:
```bash
node .superclaude/init-behavioral-framework.js
```

2. Confirm the framework is activated

3. Offer a quick test to verify personas are working

## Example Response to /init:

```
🚀 Initializing SuperClaude Enhanced Behavioral Framework...
✅ Created/Updated CLAUDE.md with behavioral patterns
📚 Framework includes:
  • 7 Personas (Architect, Frontend, Backend, Security, Performance, Analyzer, QA)
  • 6 Workflows (Feature, Bug, Security, Performance, Quality, Deployment)
  • Command patterns for each persona
  • MCP usage strategies

💡 Test me! Try:
  - "Debug this error" → I'll think like Analyzer
  - "Build a component" → I'll think like Frontend
  - "Review security" → I'll think like Security

The behavioral framework is now active!
```

## Note for Claude

When you see `/init`, you should execute the initialization script to create the behavioral documentation, then follow those patterns in all subsequent interactions within the project.

Commit message:

📝 CLARIFICATION: /init is a custom command, not built-in
IMPORTANT UPDATES:
- Clarified that /init is NOT a built-in Claude command
- Added clear instructions for teaching Claude about /init
- Provided direct execution alternative
- Updated both README.md and INIT_COMMAND.md

ISSUE DISCOVERED:
Claude doesn't automatically understand custom commands.
Users need to either:
1. Run init script directly: node .superclaude/init-behavioral-framework.js
2. Teach Claude by adding command definition to CLAUDE.md first

This prevents confusion when Claude tries to analyze codebase
instead of running our initialization script.

INIT_COMMAND.md, after:

# /init Command Documentation

## Important Note

`/init` is NOT a built-in Claude command. It's a custom command that needs to be taught to Claude first.

## What is /init?

The `/init` command initializes the SuperClaude Enhanced behavioral framework in your project by creating comprehensive documentation that teaches Claude how to behave.

## Setup & Usage

### First Time Setup
Add this to your project's CLAUDE.md:
```markdown
## Custom Commands
When user types /init, run: node .superclaude/init-behavioral-framework.js
```

### Usage
After setup, in any Claude session:
```
/init
```

### Alternative (Direct Execution)
Skip the custom command and run directly:
```bash
node .superclaude/init-behavioral-framework.js
```

## What it does:

1. **Creates/Updates CLAUDE.md** with:
   - 7 detailed persona definitions
   - 6 workflow patterns
   - Command usage guidelines
   - MCP integration strategies

2. **Teaches Claude**:
   - HOW each persona thinks (mindset, framework, identity)
   - WHEN to switch personas (context triggers)
   - WHICH /sc: commands to use for each task
   - WHAT workflows to follow for complex tasks

3. **Enables behavioral patterns**:
   - Persona-based thinking
   - Workflow automation guidance
   - Command chaining patterns
   - MCP usage optimization

## Implementation

When Claude sees `/init`, it should:

1. Run the initialization script:
```bash
node .superclaude/init-behavioral-framework.js
```

2. Confirm the framework is activated

3. Offer a quick test to verify personas are working

## Example Response to /init:

```
🚀 Initializing SuperClaude Enhanced Behavioral Framework...
✅ Created/Updated CLAUDE.md with behavioral patterns
📚 Framework includes:
  • 7 Personas (Architect, Frontend, Backend, Security, Performance, Analyzer, QA)
  • 6 Workflows (Feature, Bug, Security, Performance, Quality, Deployment)
  • Command patterns for each persona
  • MCP usage strategies

💡 Test me! Try:
  - "Debug this error" → I'll think like Analyzer
  - "Build a component" → I'll think like Frontend
  - "Review security" → I'll think like Security

The behavioral framework is now active!
```

## Note for Claude

When you see `/init`, you should execute the initialization script to create the behavioral documentation, then follow those patterns in all subsequent interactions within the project.
